openPMD Beam Input via `Source` Element (#820)
BLAST-ImpactX/impactx: examples/solenoid_restart/README.rst

.. _examples-solenoid-restart:

Solenoid channel (Restart)
==========================

This is the same example as the :ref:`proton beam undergoing 90 deg X-Y rotation in an ideal solenoid channel <examples-solenoid>`, but it restarts the resulting beam and rotates it another 3 channel periods to the initial X-Y conditions.

The solenoid magnetic field corresponds to B = 2 T.

> The second moments of the particle distribution after the solenoid channel are rotated by 90 (start) + 270 = 360 degrees:  the final horizontal moments should coincide with the
> initial vertical moments, and vice-versa, to within the level expected due to noise due to statistical sampling.

Author: ```suggestion
The second moments of the transverse particle distribution after the solenoid channel are rotated by 90 (start) + 270 = 360 degrees:  the final transverse moments should coincide with the
initial transverse moments to within the level expected due to noise due to statistical sampling.
```
